---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "m3ter_aggregation Data Source - m3ter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# m3ter_aggregation (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "m3ter_aggregation" "example_aggregation" {
  org_id = "orgId"
  id = "id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `org_id` (String, Deprecated)

### Read-Only

- `accounting_product_id` (String)
- `aggregation` (String) Specifies the computation method applied to usage data collected in `targetField`. Aggregation unit value depends on the **Category** configured for the selected targetField.

Enum: 

* **SUM**. Adds the values. Can be applied to a **Measure**, **Income**, or **Cost** `targetField`.

* **MIN**. Uses the minimum value. Can be applied to a **Measure**, **Income**, or **Cost** `targetField`.

* **MAX**. Uses the maximum value. Can be applied to a **Measure**, **Income**, or **Cost** `targetField`.

* **COUNT**. Counts the number of values. Can be applied to a **Measure**, **Income**, or **Cost** `targetField`.

* **LATEST**. Uses the most recent value. Can be applied to a **Measure**, **Income**, or **Cost** `targetField`. Note: Based on the timestamp (`ts`) value of usage data measurement submissions. If using this method, please ensure *distinct* `ts` values are used for usage data measurment submissions.

* **MEAN**. Uses the arithmetic mean of the values. Can be applied to a **Measure**, **Income**, or **Cost** `targetField`.

* **UNIQUE**. Uses unique values and returns a count of the number of unique values. Can be applied to a **Metadata** `targetField`.
Available values: "SUM", "MIN", "MAX", "COUNT", "LATEST", "MEAN", "UNIQUE".
- `code` (String) Code of the Aggregation. A unique short code to identify the Aggregation.
- `custom_fields` (Dynamic)
- `custom_sql` (String)
- `default_value` (Number) Aggregation value used when no usage data is available to be aggregated. *(Optional)*.

**Note:** Set to 0, if you expect to reference the Aggregation in a Compound Aggregation. This ensures that any null values are passed in correctly to the Compound Aggregation calculation with a value = 0.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `meter_id` (String) The UUID of the Meter used as the source of usage data for the Aggregation.

Each Aggregation is a child of a Meter, so the Meter must be selected.
- `name` (String) Descriptive name for the Aggregation.
- `quantity_per_unit` (Number) Defines how much of a quantity equates to 1 unit. Used when setting the price per unit for billing purposes - if charging for kilobytes per second (KiBy/s) at rate of $0.25 per 500 KiBy/s, then set quantityPerUnit to 500 and price Plan at $0.25 per unit.

If `quantityPerUnit` is set to a value other than one, rounding is typically set to UP.
- `rounding` (String) Specifies how you want to deal with non-integer, fractional number Aggregation values.

**NOTES:**
* **NEAREST** rounds to the nearest half: 5.1 is rounded to 5, and 3.5 is rounded to 4.
* Also used in combination with `quantityPerUnit`. Rounds the number of units after `quantityPerUnit` is applied. If you set `quantityPerUnit` to a value other than one, you would typically set Rounding to **UP**. For example, suppose you charge by kilobytes per second (KiBy/s), set `quantityPerUnit` = 500, and set charge rate at $0.25 per unit used. If your customer used 48,900 KiBy/s in a billing period, the charge would be 48,900 / 500 = 97.8 rounded up to 98 * 0.25 = $2.45.

Enum: ???UP??? ???DOWN??? ???NEAREST??? ???NONE???
Available values: "UP", "DOWN", "NEAREST", "NONE".
- `segmented_fields` (List of String) *(Optional)*. Used when creating a segmented Aggregation, which segments the usage data collected by a single Meter. Works together with `segments`.

The `Codes` of the fields in the target Meter to use for segmentation purposes.

String `dataFields` on the target Meter can be segmented. Any string `derivedFields` on the target Meter, such as one that concatenates two string `dataFields`, can also be segmented.
- `segments` (List of Map of String) *(Optional)*. Used when creating a segmented Aggregation, which segments the usage data collected by a single Meter. Works together with `segmentedFields`.

Contains the values that are to be used as the segments, read from the fields in the meter pointed at by `segmentedFields`.
- `target_field` (String) `Code` of the target `dataField` or `derivedField` on the Meter used as the basis for the Aggregation.
- `unit` (String) User defined or following the *Unified Code for Units of Measure* (UCUM). 

Used as the label for billing, indicating to your customers what they are being charged for.
- `version` (Number) The version number:
- **Create:** On initial Create to insert a new entity, the version is set at 1 in the response.
- **Update:** On successful Update, the version is incremented by 1 in the response.
