---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "m3ter_balances Data Source - m3ter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Endpoints for creating/retrieving/updating/deleting Balances on Accounts.
  When you have created a Balance for an Account, you can create a positive or negative Transaction amounts for the Balance. To do this, you must first define Transaction Types for your Organization, and then use one of these Transaction Types when you add a specific Transaction to a Balance - see the Create TransactionType https://www.m3ter.com/docs/api#tag/TransactionType/operation/CreateTransactionType call in the Transaction Type section in this API Reference for more details.
  Balances are typically used when a customer prepays an amount to add a credit to their Account, which can then be draw-down against charges due for product or service consumption. You can include options to top-up the original Balance.
  Examples of how Balances for end customer Accounts can be used:
  Onboarding Balance/Free Trials. Offering an onboarding incentive to new customers as an initial free credit Balance on their Account.Balance as initial commitment. Add a Balance amount to a new customer Account. This acts as an initial commitment, which allows them to use the service and gain an accurate insight into their usage level.Managing Customer Satisfaction. Use Balance as credits that will be applied to subsequent Bills as compensation for acknowledged service delivery issues.Facilitating Balance Adjustments:
  Apply negative amounts to immediately write-off outstanding Balances.
  What is the difference between Balances and Commitments/Prepayments?
  To manage credit amounts for your end-customer Accounts, you can use Balances or Commitments/Prepayments. However, these two kinds of credits for Accounts serve different purposes.
  Commitments - also referred to as Prepayments - are used for amounts end-customers have agreed to pay for consuming your product or services across a full contract term. A customer might pay the entire or only part of the agreed amount upfront, but the commitment or prepayment amount is payable regardless of the actual usage by the customer of your service or product.
  In contrast, a Balance - often referred to as a Top-Up or Prepaid draw-down - is used when a customer wants to add a credit amount to their Account at any time during the service period or when you as service provider want to add a credit to a customer Account. This Balance credit can then be drawn-down against for billing the Account for usage, minimum spend, standing charges, or recurring charges due. Balances therefore serve payment use cases in a more flexible way, for example to be used for a "Free Credit" sign-up scheme you offer to encourage sales or to enhance customer satisfaction by adding credit to an Account to compensate for service delivery issues.
  You can use Commitments/Prepayments and Balances together on Account, and define at Organization or individual Account level the order in which any Balance/Commitment credit on an Account is drawn-down - Balance amounts first or Commitment/Prepayment amounts first.
---

# m3ter_balances (Data Source)

Endpoints for creating/retrieving/updating/deleting Balances on Accounts.

When you have created a Balance for an Account, you can create a positive or negative Transaction amounts for the Balance. To do this, you must first define Transaction Types for your Organization, and then use one of these Transaction Types when you add a specific Transaction to a Balance - see the [Create TransactionType](https://www.m3ter.com/docs/api#tag/TransactionType/operation/CreateTransactionType) call in the Transaction Type section in this API Reference for more details.

Balances are typically used when a customer prepays an amount to add a credit to their Account, which can then be draw-down against charges due for product or service consumption. You can include options to top-up the original Balance.

Examples of how Balances for end customer Accounts can be used:

* Onboarding Balance/Free Trials. Offering an onboarding incentive to new customers as an initial free credit Balance on their Account. 

* Balance as initial commitment. Add a Balance amount to a new customer Account. This acts as an initial commitment, which allows them to use the service and gain an accurate insight into their usage level. 

* Managing Customer Satisfaction. Use Balance as credits that will be applied to subsequent Bills as compensation for acknowledged service delivery issues.

* Facilitating Balance Adjustments:
	* Apply negative amounts to immediately write-off outstanding Balances.

#### What is the difference between Balances and Commitments/Prepayments?

To manage credit amounts for your end-customer Accounts, you can use Balances or Commitments/Prepayments. However, these two kinds of credits for Accounts serve different purposes.

Commitments - also referred to as Prepayments - are used for amounts end-customers have agreed to pay for consuming your product or services across a full contract term. A customer might pay the entire or only part of the agreed amount upfront, but ***the commitment or prepayment amount is payable regardless of the actual usage by the customer of your service or product.***

In contrast, a Balance - often referred to as a Top-Up or Prepaid draw-down - is used when a customer wants to add a credit amount to their Account at any time during the service period or when you as service provider want to add a credit to a customer Account. This Balance credit can then be drawn-down against for billing the Account for usage, minimum spend, standing charges, or recurring charges due. Balances therefore serve payment use cases in a more flexible way, for example to be used for a "Free Credit" sign-up scheme you offer to encourage sales or to enhance customer satisfaction by adding credit to an Account to compensate for service delivery issues.

You can use Commitments/Prepayments and Balances together on Account, and define at Organization or individual Account level the order in which any Balance/Commitment credit on an Account is drawn-down - Balance amounts first or Commitment/Prepayment amounts first.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "m3ter_balances" "example_balances" {
  org_id = "orgId"
  account_id = "accountId"
  contract = "contract"
  contract_id = "contractId"
  end_date_end = "endDateEnd"
  end_date_start = "endDateStart"
  ids = ["string"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) The unique identifier (UUID) for the end customer's account.
- `contract` (String)
- `contract_id` (String) Filter Balances by contract id. Use '' with accountId to fetch unlinked balances.
- `end_date_end` (String) Only include Balances with end dates earlier than this date. If a Balance has a rollover amount configured, then the `rolloverEndDate` will be used as the end date.
- `end_date_start` (String) Only include Balances with end dates equal to or later than this date. If a Balance has a rollover amount configured, then the `rolloverEndDate` will be used as the end date.
- `ids` (List of String) A list of unique identifiers (UUIDs) for specific Balances to retrieve.
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `org_id` (String, Deprecated)

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The unique identifier (UUID) for the end customer Account the Balance belongs to.
- `allow_overdraft` (Boolean) Allow balance amounts to fall below zero. This feature is enabled on request. Please get in touch with m3ter Support or your m3ter contact if you would like it enabling for your organization(s).
- `amount` (Number) The financial value that the Balance holds.
- `balance_draw_down_description` (String) A description for the bill line items for charges drawn-down against the Balance.
- `code` (String) A unique short code assigned to the Balance.
- `consumptions_accounting_product_id` (String) Product ID that any Balance Consumed line items will be attributed to for accounting purposes.(*Optional*)
- `contract_id` (String) The unique identifier (UUID) for a Contract on the Account the Balance has been added to.
- `currency` (String) The currency code used for the Balance amount. For example: USD, GBP or EUR.
- `custom_fields` (Dynamic) User defined fields enabling you to attach custom data. The value for a custom field can be either a string or a number.

If `customFields` can also be defined for this entity at the Organizational level,`customField` values defined at individual level override values of `customFields` with the same name defined at Organization level.

See [Working with Custom Fields](https://www.m3ter.com/docs/guides/creating-and-managing-products/working-with-custom-fields) in the m3ter documentation for more information.
- `description` (String) A description of the Balance.
- `end_date` (String) The date *(in ISO 8601 format)* after which the Balance will no longer be active.
- `fees_accounting_product_id` (String) Product ID that any Balance Fees line items will be attributed to for accounting purposes.(*Optional*)
- `id` (String) The UUID of the entity.
- `line_item_types` (List of String) A list of line item charge types that can draw-down against the Balance amount at billing.
- `name` (String) The official name of the Balance.
- `overage_description` (String) A description for overage charges.
- `overage_surcharge_percent` (Number) The percentage surcharge applied to overage charges *(usage above the Balance)*.
- `product_ids` (List of String) A list of Product IDs whose consumption charges due at billing can be drawn-down against the Balance amount.
- `rollover_amount` (Number) The maximum amount that can be carried over past the Balance end date and draw-down against for billing if there is an unused Balance amount remaining when the Balance end date is reached.
- `rollover_end_date` (String) The end date *(in ISO 8601 format)* for the rollover grace period, which is the period that unused Balance amounts can be carried over beyond the specified Balance `endDate` and continue to be drawn-down against for billing.
- `start_date` (String) The date *(in ISO 8601 format)* when the Balance becomes active.
- `version` (Number) The version number:
- **Create:** On initial Create to insert a new entity, the version is set at 1 in the response.
- **Update:** On successful Update, the version is incremented by 1 in the response.
