---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "m3ter_compound_aggregation Data Source - M3ter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Endpoints for Compound Aggregation related operations such as creation, update, list and delete.
  Use Compound Aggregations to create numerical measures from usage data by applying a calculation to one or more simple Aggregations or Custom Fields. These numerical measures can then be used as pricing metrics to price your Product Plans, enabling you to implement a wide range of usage-based pricing use cases.
  You can create two types of Compound Aggregation:
  Global
  Pricing: Not tied to any specific product and can be used to price Plans belonging to any Product.Calculation: can reference all simple Aggregations - both Global simple Aggregations and any product-specific simple Aggregations.
  Product-specific
  Pricing: belong to a specific Product and can only be used to price Plans belonging to the same Product.Calculation: can reference any simple Aggregations belonging to the same Product and any Global simple Aggregations.
  IMPORTANT! If a simple Aggregation referenced by a Compound Aggregation has a Quantity per unit defined or a Rounding defined, these will not be factored into the value used by the calculation. For example, if the simple Aggregation referenced has a base value of 100 and has Quantity per unit set at 10, the Compound Aggregation calculation will use the base value of 100 not 10.
  To better understand and use Compound Aggregations, refer to the example Compound Aggregation Use Case https://www.m3ter.com/docs/guides/setting-up-usage-data-meters-and-aggregations/compound-aggregations#example-use-case in the m3ter documentation.
---

# m3ter_compound_aggregation (Data Source)

Endpoints for Compound Aggregation related operations such as creation, update, list and delete.

Use Compound Aggregations to create numerical measures from usage data by applying a calculation to one or more simple Aggregations or Custom Fields. These numerical measures can then be used as pricing metrics to price your Product Plans, enabling you to implement a wide range of usage-based pricing use cases.

You can create two types of Compound Aggregation:

**Global**
- Pricing: Not tied to any specific product and can be used to price Plans belonging to any Product.
- Calculation: can reference all simple Aggregations - both Global simple Aggregations and any product-specific simple Aggregations.

**Product-specific**
- Pricing: belong to a specific Product and can only be used to price Plans belonging to the same Product.
- Calculation: can reference any simple Aggregations belonging to the same Product and any Global simple Aggregations.

**IMPORTANT!** If a simple Aggregation referenced by a Compound Aggregation has a **Quantity per unit** defined or a **Rounding** defined, these will not be factored into the value used by the calculation. For example, if the simple Aggregation referenced has a base value of 100 and has **Quantity per unit** set at 10, the Compound Aggregation calculation *will use the base value of 100 not 10*. 

To better understand and use Compound Aggregations, refer to the example [Compound Aggregation Use Case](https://www.m3ter.com/docs/guides/setting-up-usage-data-meters-and-aggregations/compound-aggregations#example-use-case) in the m3ter documentation.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "m3ter_compound_aggregation" "example_compound_aggregation" {
  org_id = "orgId"
  id = "id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `find_one_by` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--find_one_by))
- `org_id` (String, Deprecated)

### Read-Only

- `accounting_product_id` (String) Optional Product ID this Aggregation should be attributed to for accounting purposes.
- `calculation` (String) This field is a string that represents the formula for the calculation. This formula determines how the CompoundAggregation is calculated from the underlying usage data.
- `code` (String) Code of the Aggregation. A unique short code to identify the Aggregation.
- `custom_fields` (Dynamic)
- `evaluate_null_aggregations` (Boolean) This is a boolean True / False flag. 

If set to TRUE, the calculation will be evaluated even if the referenced aggregation has no usage data.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `name` (String) Descriptive name for the Aggregation.
- `product_id` (String) This field represents the unique identifier (UUID) of the Product that is associated with the CompoundAggregation.
- `quantity_per_unit` (Number) Defines how much of a quantity equates to 1 unit. Used when setting the price per unit for billing purposes - if charging for kilobytes per second (KiBy/s) at rate of $0.25 per 500 KiBy/s, then set quantityPerUnit to 500 and price Plan at $0.25 per unit.

If `quantityPerUnit` is set to a value other than one, rounding is typically set to UP.
- `rounding` (String) Specifies how you want to deal with non-integer, fractional number Aggregation values.

**NOTES:**
* **NEAREST** rounds to the nearest half: 5.1 is rounded to 5, and 3.5 is rounded to 4.
* Also used in combination with `quantityPerUnit`. Rounds the number of units after `quantityPerUnit` is applied. If you set `quantityPerUnit` to a value other than one, you would typically set Rounding to **UP**. For example, suppose you charge by kilobytes per second (KiBy/s), set `quantityPerUnit` = 500, and set charge rate at $0.25 per unit used. If your customer used 48,900 KiBy/s in a billing period, the charge would be 48,900 / 500 = 97.8 rounded up to 98 * 0.25 = $2.45.

Enum: ???UP??? ???DOWN??? ???NEAREST??? ???NONE???
Available values: "UP", "DOWN", "NEAREST", "NONE".
- `segments` (List of Map of String) *(Optional)*. Used when creating a segmented Aggregation, which segments the usage data collected by a single Meter. Works together with `segmentedFields`.

Contains the values that are to be used as the segments, read from the fields in the meter pointed at by `segmentedFields`.
- `unit` (String) User defined or following the *Unified Code for Units of Measure* (UCUM). 

Used as the label for billing, indicating to your customers what they are being charged for.
- `version` (Number) The version number:
- **Create:** On initial Create to insert a new entity, the version is set at 1 in the response.
- **Update:** On successful Update, the version is incremented by 1 in the response.

<a id="nestedatt--find_one_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `find_one_by`

Optional:

- `codes` (List of String) An optional parameter to retrieve specific CompoundAggregations based on their short codes.
- `ids` (List of String) An optional parameter to retrieve specific CompoundAggregations based on their unique identifiers (UUIDs).
- `product_id` (List of String) An optional parameter to filter the CompoundAggregations based on specific Product unique identifiers (UUIDs).
