---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "m3ter_counter_adjustment Data Source - M3ter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Endpoints for listing, creating, updating, retrieving, or deleting CounterAdjustments.
  If you attach a Plan to an Account which is priced using a Counter to apply unit-based pricing, you can then create CounterAdjustments for the Account using that Counter to ensure the Account is billed according to the number of Counter units the Account subscribes to in a given billing period.
  See Understanding and Creating Counter Adjustments for Accounts https://www.m3ter.com/docs/guides/recurring-charges-counters/creating-counter-adjustments-for-accounts for more information.
---

# m3ter_counter_adjustment (Data Source)

Endpoints for listing, creating, updating, retrieving, or deleting CounterAdjustments.

If you attach a Plan to an Account which is priced using a Counter to apply unit-based pricing, you can then create CounterAdjustments for the Account using that Counter to ensure the Account is billed according to the number of Counter units the Account subscribes to in a given billing period.

See [Understanding and Creating Counter Adjustments for Accounts](https://www.m3ter.com/docs/guides/recurring-charges-counters/creating-counter-adjustments-for-accounts) for more information.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "m3ter_counter_adjustment" "example_counter_adjustment" {
  org_id = "orgId"
  id = "id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `find_one_by` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--find_one_by))
- `org_id` (String, Deprecated)

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) The Account ID the CounterAdjustment was created for.
- `counter_id` (String) The ID of the Counter that was used to make the CounterAdjustment on the Account.
- `date` (String) The date the CounterAdjustment was created for the Account *(in ISO-8601 date format)*.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `purchase_order_number` (String) Purchase Order Number for the Counter Adjustment. *(Optional)*
- `value` (Number) Integer Value of the Counter that was used to make the CounterAdjustment.
- `version` (Number) The version number:
- **Create:** On initial Create to insert a new entity, the version is set at 1 in the response.
- **Update:** On successful Update, the version is incremented by 1 in the response.

<a id="nestedatt--find_one_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `find_one_by`

Optional:

- `account_id` (String) List CounterAdjustment items for the Account UUID.
- `counter_id` (String) List CounterAdjustment items for the Counter UUID.
- `date` (String) List CounterAdjustment items for the given date.
- `date_end` (String)
- `date_start` (String)
- `end_date_end` (String) Only include CounterAdjustments with end dates earlier than this date.
- `end_date_start` (String) Only include CounterAdjustments with end dates equal to or later than this date.
- `sort_order` (String) Sort order for the results
