---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "m3ter_counter_pricing Data Source - m3ter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# m3ter_counter_pricing (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "m3ter_counter_pricing" "example_counter_pricing" {
  org_id = "orgId"
  id = "id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `org_id` (String, Deprecated)

### Read-Only

- `accounting_product_id` (String)
- `code` (String) Unique short code for the Pricing.
- `counter_id` (String) UUID of the Counter used to create the pricing.
- `cumulative` (Boolean) Controls whether or not charge rates under a set of pricing bands configured for a Pricing are applied according to each separate band or at the highest band reached.

The default value is **TRUE**.

* When TRUE, at billing charge rates are applied according to each separate band.

* When FALSE, at billing charge rates are applied according to highest band reached.
- `description` (String) Displayed on Bill line items.
- `end_date` (String) The end date *(in ISO-8601 format)* for when the Pricing ceases to be active for the Plan or Plan Template.

If not specified, the Pricing remains active indefinitely.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `plan_id` (String) UUID of the Plan the Pricing is created for.
- `plan_template_id` (String) UUID of the Plan Template the Pricing was created for.
- `pricing_bands` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pricing_bands))
- `pro_rate_adjustment_credit` (Boolean) The default value is **TRUE**.

* When TRUE, counter adjustment credits are prorated and are billed according to the number of days in billing period.

* When FALSE, counter adjustment credits are not prorated and are billed for the entire billing period.
- `pro_rate_adjustment_debit` (Boolean) The default value is **TRUE**.

* When TRUE, counter adjustment debits are prorated and are billed according to the number of days in billing period.

* When FALSE, counter adjustment debits are not prorated and are billed for the entire billing period.
- `pro_rate_running_total` (Boolean) The default value is **TRUE**.

* When TRUE, counter running total charges are prorated and are billed according to the number of days in billing period.

* When FALSE, counter running total charges are not prorated and are billed for the entire billing period.
- `running_total_bill_in_advance` (Boolean) The default value is **TRUE**.

* When TRUE, running totals are billed at the start of each billing period.

* When FALSE, running totals are billed at the end of each billing period.
- `start_date` (String) The start date *(in ISO-8601 format)* for when the Pricing starts to be active for the Plan of Plan Template.
- `version` (Number) The version number:
- **Create:** On initial Create to insert a new entity, the version is set at 1 in the response.
- **Update:** On successful Update, the version is incremented by 1 in the response.

<a id="nestedatt--pricing_bands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pricing_bands`

Read-Only:

- `credit_type_id` (String) **OBSOLETE - this is deprecated and no longer used.**
- `fixed_price` (Number) Fixed price charged for the Pricing band.
- `id` (String) The ID for the Pricing band.
- `lower_limit` (Number) Lower limit for the Pricing band.
- `unit_price` (Number) Unit price charged for the Pricing band.
