---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "m3ter_currency Data Source - m3ter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Endpoints for Currency operations such as creation, update, list, and delete. Currencies are stored for your Organization, and can then be used to specify currencies on various entities such as plan groups and plan templates.
  IMPORTANT!
  The Currencies you want to use in your Organization must be created first.
  The currency you select for your Organization determines the billing currency and overrides any currency settings in your pricing Plans.
  For example, if the Organization currency is set to USD and a pricing Plan used for an Account is set to GBP, the bill for an Account using that Plan is calculated in GBP, and then each bill line item converted to USD amounts.
  Currency conversion rates are setup in the OrganizationConfig. For more details, see Creating and Managing Currencies https://www.m3ter.com/docs/guides/organization-and-access-management/viewing-and-editing-organization#creating-and-managing-currencies in the m3ter Documentation.
---

# m3ter_currency (Data Source)

Endpoints for Currency operations such as creation, update, list, and delete. Currencies are stored for your Organization, and can then be used to specify currencies on various entities such as plan groups and plan templates.

**IMPORTANT!** 
The Currencies you want to use in your Organization must be created first.

The currency you select for your Organization determines the billing currency and overrides any currency settings in your pricing Plans. 
For example, if the Organization currency is set to USD and a pricing Plan used for an Account is set to GBP, the bill for an Account using that Plan is calculated in GBP, and then each bill line item converted to USD amounts.

Currency conversion rates are setup in the *OrganizationConfig*. For more details, see [Creating and Managing Currencies](https://www.m3ter.com/docs/guides/organization-and-access-management/viewing-and-editing-organization#creating-and-managing-currencies) in the m3ter Documentation.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "m3ter_currency" "example_currency" {
  org_id = "orgId"
  id = "id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `find_one_by` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--find_one_by))
- `org_id` (String, Deprecated)

### Read-Only

- `archived` (Boolean) TRUE / FALSE flag indicating whether the data entity is archived. An entity can be archived if it is obsolete.
- `code` (String) The short code of the data entity.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `max_decimal_places` (Number) This indicates the maximum number of decimal places to use for this Currency.
- `name` (String) The name of the data entity.
- `rounding_mode` (String) Available values: "UP", "DOWN", "CEILING", "FLOOR", "HALF_UP", "HALF_DOWN", "HALF_EVEN", "UNNECESSARY".
- `version` (Number) The version number:
- **Create:** On initial Create to insert a new entity, the version is set at 1 in the response.
- **Update:** On successful Update, the version is incremented by 1 in the response.

<a id="nestedatt--find_one_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `find_one_by`

Optional:

- `archived` (Boolean) Filter by archived flag. A True / False flag indicating whether to return Currencies that are archived *(obsolete)*.

* TRUE - return archived Currencies.
* FALSE - archived Currencies are not returned.
- `codes` (List of String) An optional parameter to retrieve specific Currencies based on their short codes.
- `ids` (List of String) An optional parameter to filter the list based on specific Currency unique identifiers (UUIDs).
