---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "m3ter_custom_field Data Source - m3ter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# m3ter_custom_field (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "m3ter_custom_field" "example_custom_field" {
  org_id = "orgId"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `org_id` (String, Deprecated)

### Read-Only

- `account` (Dynamic) CustomFields added to Account entities.
- `account_plan` (Dynamic) CustomFields added to accountPlan entities.
- `aggregation` (Dynamic) CustomFields added to simple Aggregation entities.
- `compound_aggregation` (Dynamic) CustomFields added to Compound Aggregation entities.
- `contract` (Dynamic) CustomFields added to Contract entities.
- `created_by` (String) The id of the user who created this custom field.
- `dt_created` (String) The DateTime when the Organization was created *(in ISO-8601 format)*.
- `dt_last_modified` (String) The DateTime when a custom field was last modified - created, modified, or deleted - for the Organization *(in ISO-8601 format)*.
- `id` (String) The UUID of the entity.
- `last_modified_by` (String) The id of the user who last modified this custom field.
- `meter` (Dynamic) CustomFields added to Meter entities.
- `organization` (Dynamic) CustomFields added to the Organization.
- `plan` (Dynamic) CustomFields added to Plan entities.
- `plan_template` (Dynamic) CustomFields added to planTemplate entities.
- `product` (Dynamic) CustomFields added to Product entities.
- `version` (Number) The version number:
- **Create:** On initial Create to insert a new entity, the version is set at 1 in the response.
- **Update:** On successful Update, the version is incremented by 1 in the response.
