---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "m3ter_external_mappings Data Source - m3ter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# m3ter_external_mappings (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "m3ter_external_mappings" "example_external_mappings" {
  org_id = "orgId"
  external_system_id = "externalSystemId"
  integration_config_id = "integrationConfigId"
  m3ter_ids = ["string"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `external_system_id` (String) The name of the external system to use as a filter.

For example, if you want to list only those external mappings created for your Organization for the Salesforce external system, use:

`?externalSystemId=Salesforce`
- `integration_config_id` (String) ID of the integration config
- `m3ter_ids` (List of String) IDs for m3ter entities
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `org_id` (String, Deprecated)

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `created_by` (String) The ID of the user who created this item.
- `dt_created` (String) The DateTime when this item was created *(in ISO-8601 format)*.
- `dt_last_modified` (String) The DateTime when this item was last modified *(in ISO-8601 format)*.
- `external_id` (String) The unique identifier (UUID) of the entity in the external system.
- `external_system` (String) The name of the external system where the entity you are mapping resides.
- `external_table` (String) The name of the table in the external system where the entity resides.
- `id` (String) The UUID of the entity.
- `integration_config_id` (String) UUID of the configuration this mapping is for
- `last_modified_by` (String) The ID of the user who last modified this item.
- `m3ter_entity` (String) The name of the m3ter entity that is part of the External Mapping. For example, this could be "Account".
- `m3ter_id` (String) The unique identifier (UUID) of the m3ter entity.
- `version` (Number) The version number:
- **Create:** On initial Create to insert a new entity, the version is set at 1 in the response.
- **Update:** On successful Update, the version is incremented by 1 in the response.
