---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "m3ter_integration_configuration Data Source - m3ter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# m3ter_integration_configuration (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "m3ter_integration_configuration" "example_integration_configuration" {
  org_id = "orgId"
  id = "id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `org_id` (String, Deprecated)

### Read-Only

- `created_by` (String) The ID of the user who created this item.
- `destination` (String) The destination system for the integration run.
- `dt_completed` (String) The date and time the integration was completed. *(in ISO-8601 format)*.
- `dt_created` (String) The DateTime when this item was created *(in ISO-8601 format)*.
- `dt_last_modified` (String) The DateTime when this item was last modified *(in ISO-8601 format)*.
- `dt_started` (String) The date and time the integration run was started *(in ISO-8601 format)*.
- `entity_id` (String) The unique identifier (UUID) of the entity the integration run is for.
- `entity_type` (String) The type of entity the integration run is for. Two options:
* Bill
* Notification
- `error` (String) Describes any errors encountered during the integration run.
- `external_id` (String) The external ID in the destination system if available.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_modified_by` (String) The ID of the user who last modified this item.
- `status` (String) Available values: "WAITING", "STARTED", "COMPLETE", "ERROR", "AWAITING_RETRY", "AUTH_FAILED", "ACCOUNTING_PERIOD_CLOSED", "INVOICE_ALREADY_PAID", "DISABLED", "RATE_LIMIT_RETRY".
- `url` (String) The URL of the entity in the destination system if available.
- `version` (Number) The version number:
- **Create:** On initial Create to insert a new entity, the version is set at 1 in the response.
- **Update:** On successful Update, the version is incremented by 1 in the response.
