---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "m3ter_integration_configurations Data Source - M3ter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A suite of endpoints for configuring and managing third party integrations within the m3ter platform. The integration endpoints in this section facilitate various operations such as creating, updating, listing, and deletion of integrations.
  m3ter integrations enable seamless data synchronization and mapping with external systems required in core business processes. These processes often include sales, pricing, billing and invoicing, and general finance.
  With m3ter integrations, you can establish robust connections with popular business platforms, enhancing your operational capabilities. For example:
  ChargebeeSalesforceStripeNetsuitePaddleXeroQuickBooks
---

# m3ter_integration_configurations (Data Source)

A suite of endpoints for configuring and managing third party integrations within the m3ter platform. The integration endpoints in this section facilitate various operations such as creating, updating, listing, and deletion of integrations.

m3ter integrations enable seamless data synchronization and mapping with external systems required in core business processes. These processes often include sales, pricing, billing and invoicing, and general finance. 

With m3ter integrations, you can establish robust connections with popular business platforms, enhancing your operational capabilities. For example:
* Chargebee
* Salesforce
* Stripe
* Netsuite
* Paddle
* Xero
* QuickBooks

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "m3ter_integration_configurations" "example_integration_configurations" {
  org_id = "orgId"
  destination_id = "destinationId"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `destination_id` (String) optional filter for a specific destination
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `org_id` (String, Deprecated)

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `authorized` (Boolean) A flag indicating whether the integration configuration is authorized. 

* TRUE - authorized.
* FALSE - not authorized.
- `config_data` (Map of String) Configuration data for the integration
- `destination` (String) The type of destination *(e.g. Netsuite, webhooks)*.
- `destination_id` (String) The unique identifier (UUID) of the entity the integration is for.
- `enabled` (Boolean) A flag indicating whether the integration configuration is currently enabled or disabled.

* TRUE - enabled.
* FALSE - disabled.
- `entity_id` (String) The unique identifier (UUID) of the entity this integration is for *(e.g. the ID of a notification configuration. Optional.)*
- `entity_type` (String) The type of entity the integration is for *(e.g. Bill)*.
- `id` (String) The UUID of the entity.
- `integration_credentials_id` (String) UUID of the credentials to use for this integration
- `name` (String) The name of the configuration
- `trigger_type` (String, Deprecated) Specifies the type of trigger for the integration.
Available values: "EVENT", "SCHEDULE".
- `version` (Number) The version number:
- **Create:** On initial Create to insert a new entity, the version is set at 1 in the response.
- **Update:** On successful Update, the version is incremented by 1 in the response.
