---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "m3ter_meters Data Source - m3ter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# m3ter_meters (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "m3ter_meters" "example_meters" {
  org_id = "orgId"
  codes = ["string"]
  ids = ["string"]
  product_id = ["string"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `codes` (List of String) List of Meter codes to retrieve. These are the unique short codes that identify each Meter.
- `ids` (List of String) List of Meter IDs to retrieve.
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `org_id` (String, Deprecated)
- `product_id` (List of String) The UUIDs of the Products to retrieve Meters for.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `code` (String) Code of the Meter - unique short code used to identify the Meter.
- `custom_fields` (Dynamic) User defined fields enabling you to attach custom data. The value for a custom field can be either a string or a number.

If `customFields` can also be defined for this entity at the Organizational level,`customField` values defined at individual level override values of `customFields` with the same name defined at Organization level.

See [Working with Custom Fields](https://www.m3ter.com/docs/guides/creating-and-managing-products/working-with-custom-fields) in the m3ter documentation for more information.
- `data_fields` (Attributes List) Used to submit categorized raw usage data values for ingest into the platform - either numeric quantitative values or non-numeric data values. At least one required per Meter; maximum 15 per Meter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--data_fields))
- `derived_fields` (Attributes List) Used to submit usage data values for ingest into the platform that are the result of a calculation performed on `dataFields`, `customFields`, or system `Timestamp` fields. Raw usage data is not submitted using `derivedFields`. Maximum 15 per Meter. *(Optional)*. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--derived_fields))
- `group_id` (String) UUID of the MeterGroup the Meter belongs to. *(Optional)*.
- `id` (String) The UUID of the entity.
- `name` (String) Descriptive name for the Meter.
- `product_id` (String) UUID of the Product the Meter belongs to. *(Optional)* - if blank, the Meter is global.
- `version` (Number) The version number:
- **Create:** On initial Create to insert a new entity, the version is set at 1 in the response.
- **Update:** On successful Update, the version is incremented by 1 in the response.

<a id="nestedatt--items--data_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.data_fields`

Read-Only:

- `category` (String) The type of field (WHO, WHAT, WHERE, MEASURE, METADATA, INCOME, COST, OTHER).
Available values: "WHO", "WHERE", "WHAT", "OTHER", "METADATA", "MEASURE", "INCOME", "COST".
- `code` (String) Short code to identify the field

**NOTE:** Code has a maximum length of 80 characters and can only contain letters, numbers, underscore, and the dollar character, and must not start with a number.
- `name` (String) Descriptive name of the field.
- `unit` (String) The units to measure the data with. Should conform to *Unified Code for Units of Measure* (UCUM). Required only for numeric field categories.


<a id="nestedatt--items--derived_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.derived_fields`

Read-Only:

- `calculation` (String) The calculation used to transform the value of submitted `dataFields` in usage data. Calculation can reference `dataFields`, `customFields`, or system `Timestamp` fields. 
*(Example: datafieldms  datafieldgb)*
- `category` (String) The type of field (WHO, WHAT, WHERE, MEASURE, METADATA, INCOME, COST, OTHER).
Available values: "WHO", "WHERE", "WHAT", "OTHER", "METADATA", "MEASURE", "INCOME", "COST".
- `code` (String) Short code to identify the field

**NOTE:** Code has a maximum length of 80 characters and can only contain letters, numbers, underscore, and the dollar character, and must not start with a number.
- `name` (String) Descriptive name of the field.
- `unit` (String) The units to measure the data with. Should conform to *Unified Code for Units of Measure* (UCUM). Required only for numeric field categories.
