---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "m3ter_scheduled_event_configurations Data Source - m3ter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# m3ter_scheduled_event_configurations (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "m3ter_scheduled_event_configurations" "example_scheduled_event_configurations" {
  org_id = "orgId"
  ids = ["string"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `ids` (List of String) list of UUIDs to retrieve
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `org_id` (String, Deprecated)

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `created_by` (String) The ID of the user who created this item.
- `dt_created` (String) The DateTime when this item was created *(in ISO-8601 format)*.
- `dt_last_modified` (String) The DateTime when this item was last modified *(in ISO-8601 format)*.
- `entity` (String) The referenced configuration or billing entity for which the desired scheduled Event will trigger.
- `field` (String) A DateTime field for which the desired scheduled Event will trigger - this must be a DateTime field on the referenced billing or configuration entity.
- `id` (String) The UUID of the entity.
- `last_modified_by` (String) The ID of the user who last modified this item.
- `name` (String) The name of the custom Scheduled Event Configuration.
- `offset` (Number) The offset in days from the specified DateTime field on the referenced entity when the scheduled Event will trigger.
- `version` (Number) The version number:
- **Create:** On initial Create to insert a new entity, the version is set at 1 in the response.
- **Update:** On successful Update, the version is incremented by 1 in the response.
