---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "m3ter_webhooks Data Source - m3ter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A suite of endpoints for configuring and managing third party integrations within the m3ter platform. The integration endpoints in this section facilitate various operations such as creating, updating, listing, and deletion of integrations.
  m3ter integrations enable seamless data synchronization and mapping with external systems required in core business processes. These processes often include sales, pricing, billing and invoicing, and general finance.
  With m3ter integrations, you can establish robust connections with popular business platforms, enhancing your operational capabilities. For example:
  * Chargebee
  * Salesforce
  * Stripe
  * Netsuite
  * Paddle
  * Xero
  * QuickBooks
---

# m3ter_webhooks (Data Source)

A suite of endpoints for configuring and managing third party integrations within the m3ter platform. The integration endpoints in this section facilitate various operations such as creating, updating, listing, and deletion of integrations.

m3ter integrations enable seamless data synchronization and mapping with external systems required in core business processes. These processes often include sales, pricing, billing and invoicing, and general finance. 

With m3ter integrations, you can establish robust connections with popular business platforms, enhancing your operational capabilities. For example:
* Chargebee
* Salesforce
* Stripe
* Netsuite
* Paddle
* Xero
* QuickBooks

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "m3ter_webhooks" "example_webhooks" {
  org_id = "orgId"
  ids = ["string"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `ids` (List of String)
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `org_id` (String, Deprecated)

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `active` (Boolean)
- `code` (String)
- `credentials` (Attributes) Response representing a set of credentials used for signing m3ter requests. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--credentials))
- `description` (String)
- `id` (String) The UUID of the entity.
- `name` (String)
- `url` (String) The URL to which webhook requests are sent.
- `version` (Number) The version number:
- **Create:** On initial Create to insert a new entity, the version is set at 1 in the response.
- **Update:** On successful Update, the version is incremented by 1 in the response.

<a id="nestedatt--items--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.credentials`

Read-Only:

- `api_key` (String) The API key provided by m3ter. This key is part of the credential set required for signing requests and authenticating with m3ter services.
- `destination` (String) the system the integration is for
- `destination_id` (String) the destinationId the integration is for
- `id` (String) The UUID of the entity.
- `name` (String) the name of the credentials
- `secret` (String) The secret associated with the API key. This secret is used in conjunction with the API key to generate a signature for secure authentication.
- `type` (String) the type of credentials
- `version` (Number) The version number:
- **Create:** On initial Create to insert a new entity, the version is set at 1 in the response.
- **Update:** On successful Update, the version is incremented by 1 in the response.
