---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "m3ter_contract Resource - m3ter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Endpoints for Contract related operations such as creation, update, list and delete.
  Contracts are created for Accounts, which are your end-user customers. Contracts can be used for:
  * Accounts Reporting. To serve your general accounting operations and processes, you can report on total Contract values for an Account.
  * Contract Billing. Various billing entities associated with an Account can  be linked to Contracts on the Account to meet your specific Contract billing use cases.
---

# m3ter_contract (Resource)

Endpoints for Contract related operations such as creation, update, list and delete.

Contracts are created for Accounts, which are your end-user customers. Contracts can be used for:
* **Accounts Reporting**. To serve your general accounting operations and processes, you can report on total Contract values for an Account.
* **Contract Billing**. Various billing entities associated with an Account can  be linked to Contracts on the Account to meet your specific Contract billing use cases.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "m3ter_contract" "example_contract" {
  org_id = "orgId"
  account_id = "x"
  end_date = "2019-12-27"
  name = "x"
  start_date = "2019-12-27"
  apply_contract_period_limits = true
  bill_grouping_key_id = "billGroupingKeyId"
  code = "S?oC\"$]C] ]]]]]5]"
  custom_fields = {
    foo = "string"
  }
  description = "description"
  purchase_order_number = "purchaseOrderNumber"
  usage_filters = [{
    dimension_code = "x"
    mode = "INCLUDE"
    value = "x"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) The unique identifier (UUID) of the Account associated with this Contract.
- `end_date` (String) The exclusive end date of the Contract *(in ISO-8601 format)*. This means the Contract is active until midnight on the day ***before*** this date.
- `name` (String) The name of the Contract.
- `start_date` (String) The start date for the Contract *(in ISO-8601 format)*. This date is inclusive, meaning the Contract is active from this date onward.

### Optional

- `apply_contract_period_limits` (Boolean) For Contract billing, a boolean setting for restricting the charges billed to the period defined for the Contract:
* **TRUE** - Contract billing for the Account will be restricted to charge amounts that fall within the defined Contract period.
* **FALSE** - The period for amounts billed under the Contract will be determined by the Account Plan attached to the Account and linked to the Contract.(*Default*)
- `bill_grouping_key_id` (String) The ID of the Bill Grouping Key assigned to the Contract.

If you are implementing Contract Billing for an Account, use `billGroupingKey` to control how charges linked to Contracts on the Account will be billed:
* **Independent Contract billing**. Assign an *exclusive* Bill Grouping Key to the Contract - only charges due against the Account and linked to the single Contract will appear on a separate Bill.
* **Collective Contract billing**. Assign the same *non-exclusive* Bill Grouping Key to multiple Contracts - all charges due against the Account and linked to the multiple Contracts will appear together on a single Bill.
- `code` (String) The short code of the Contract.
- `custom_fields` (Dynamic) User defined fields enabling you to attach custom data. The value for a custom field can be either a string or a number.

If `customFields` can also be defined for this entity at the Organizational level, `customField` values defined at individual level override values of `customFields` with the same name defined at Organization level.

See [Working with Custom Fields](https://www.m3ter.com/docs/guides/creating-and-managing-products/working-with-custom-fields) in the m3ter documentation for more information.
- `description` (String) The description of the Contract, which provides context and information.
- `org_id` (String, Deprecated)
- `purchase_order_number` (String) The Purchase Order Number associated with the Contract.
- `usage_filters` (Attributes List) Use `usageFilters` to control Contract billing and charge at billing only for usage where Product Meter dimensions equal specific defined values:
* Define Usage filters to either *include* or *exclude* charges for usage associated with specific Meter dimensions.
* The Meter dimensions must be present in the data field schema of the Meter used to submit usage data measurements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--usage_filters))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The UUID of the entity.
- `version` (Number) The version number:
- **Create:** On initial Create to insert a new entity, the version is set at 1 in the response.
- **Update:** On successful Update, the version is incremented by 1 in the response.

<a id="nestedatt--usage_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `usage_filters`

Required:

- `dimension_code` (String)
- `mode` (String) Available values: "INCLUDE", "EXCLUDE".
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import m3ter_contract.example '<org_id>/<id>'
```
