---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "m3ter_counter_pricing Resource - m3ter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# m3ter_counter_pricing (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "m3ter_counter_pricing" "example_counter_pricing" {
  org_id = "orgId"
  counter_id = "x"
  pricing_bands = [{
    fixed_price = 0
    lower_limit = 0
    unit_price = 0
    id = "id"
    credit_type_id = "creditTypeId"
  }]
  start_date = "2019-12-27T18:11:19.117Z"
  accounting_product_id = "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
  code = "S?oC\"$]C] ]]]]]5]"
  cumulative = true
  description = "description"
  end_date = "2019-12-27T18:11:19.117Z"
  plan_id = "planId"
  plan_template_id = "planTemplateId"
  pro_rate_adjustment_credit = true
  pro_rate_adjustment_debit = true
  pro_rate_running_total = true
  running_total_bill_in_advance = true
  version = 0
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `counter_id` (String) UUID of the Counter used to create the pricing.
- `pricing_bands` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pricing_bands))
- `start_date` (String) The start date *(in ISO-8601 format)* for when the Pricing starts to be active for the Plan of Plan Template.*(Required)*

### Optional

- `accounting_product_id` (String) Optional Product ID this Pricing should be attributed to for accounting purposes
- `code` (String) Unique short code for the Pricing.
- `cumulative` (Boolean) Controls whether or not charge rates under a set of pricing bands configured for a Pricing are applied according to each separate band or at the highest band reached.

*(Optional)*. The default value is **FALSE**.

* When TRUE, at billing charge rates are applied according to each separate band.

* When FALSE, at billing charge rates are applied according to highest band reached.

**NOTE:** Use the `cumulative` parameter to create the type of Pricing you require. For example, for Tiered Pricing set to **TRUE**; for Volume Pricing, set to **FALSE**.
- `description` (String) Displayed on Bill line items.
- `end_date` (String) The end date *(in ISO-8601 format)* for when the Pricing ceases to be active for the Plan or Plan Template.

*(Optional)* If not specified, the Pricing remains active indefinitely.
- `org_id` (String, Deprecated)
- `plan_id` (String) UUID of the Plan the Pricing is created for.
- `plan_template_id` (String) UUID of the Plan Template the Pricing is created for.
- `pro_rate_adjustment_credit` (Boolean) The default value is **TRUE**.

* When TRUE, counter adjustment credits are prorated and are billed according to the number of days in billing period.

* When FALSE, counter adjustment credits are not prorated and are billed for the entire billing period.

*(Optional)*.
- `pro_rate_adjustment_debit` (Boolean) The default value is **TRUE**.

* When TRUE, counter adjustment debits are prorated and are billed according to the number of days in billing period.

* When FALSE, counter adjustment debits are not prorated and are billed for the entire billing period.

*(Optional)*.
- `pro_rate_running_total` (Boolean) The default value is **TRUE**.

* When TRUE, counter running total charges are prorated and are billed according to the number of days in billing period.

* When FALSE, counter running total charges are not prorated and are billed for the entire billing period.

*(Optional)*.
- `running_total_bill_in_advance` (Boolean) The default value is **TRUE**.

* When TRUE, running totals are billed at the start of each billing period.

* When FALSE, running totals are billed at the end of each billing period.

*(Optional)*.
- `version` (Number) The version number of the entity:
- **Create entity:** Not valid for initial insertion of new entity - *do not use for Create*. On initial Create, version is set at 1 and listed in the response.
- **Update Entity:**  On Update, version is required and must match the existing version because a check is performed to ensure sequential versioning is preserved. Version is incremented by 1 and listed in the response.

### Read-Only

- `created_by` (String) The ID of the user who created this item.
- `dt_created` (String) The DateTime when this item was created *(in ISO-8601 format)*.
- `dt_last_modified` (String) The DateTime when this item was last modified *(in ISO-8601 format)*.
- `id` (String) The UUID of the entity.
- `last_modified_by` (String) The ID of the user who last modified this item.

<a id="nestedatt--pricing_bands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pricing_bands`

Required:

- `fixed_price` (Number) Fixed price charged for the Pricing band.
- `lower_limit` (Number) Lower limit for the Pricing band.
- `unit_price` (Number) Unit price charged for the Pricing band.

Optional:

- `credit_type_id` (String) **OBSOLETE - this is deprecated and no longer used.**
- `id` (String) The ID for the Pricing band.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import m3ter_counter_pricing.example '<org_id>/<id>'
```
