---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "m3ter_counter Resource - m3ter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# m3ter_counter (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "m3ter_counter" "example_counter" {
  org_id = "orgId"
  name = "x"
  unit = "x"
  code = "JS!?Q0]r] ]$]"
  product_id = "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
  version = 0
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Descriptive name for the Counter.
- `unit` (String) User defined label for units shown on Bill line items, and indicating to your customers what they are being charged for.

### Optional

- `code` (String) Code for the Counter. A unique short code to identify the Counter.
- `org_id` (String, Deprecated)
- `product_id` (String) UUID of the product the Counter belongs to. *(Optional)* - if left blank, the Counter is Global. A Global Counter can be used to price Plans or Plan Templates belonging to any Product.
- `version` (Number) The version number of the entity:
- **Create entity:** Not valid for initial insertion of new entity - *do not use for Create*. On initial Create, version is set at 1 and listed in the response.
- **Update Entity:**  On Update, version is required and must match the existing version because a check is performed to ensure sequential versioning is preserved. Version is incremented by 1 and listed in the response.

### Read-Only

- `created_by` (String) The ID of the user who created this item.
- `dt_created` (String) The DateTime when this item was created *(in ISO-8601 format)*.
- `dt_last_modified` (String) The DateTime when this item was last modified *(in ISO-8601 format)*.
- `id` (String) The UUID of the entity.
- `last_modified_by` (String) The ID of the user who last modified this item.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import m3ter_counter.example '<org_id>/<id>'
```
