---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "m3ter_counter_adjustment Resource - M3ter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Endpoints for listing, creating, updating, retrieving, or deleting CounterAdjustments.
  If you attach a Plan to an Account which is priced using a Counter to apply unit-based pricing, you can then create CounterAdjustments for the Account using that Counter to ensure the Account is billed according to the number of Counter units the Account subscribes to in a given billing period.
  See Understanding and Creating Counter Adjustments for Accounts https://www.m3ter.com/docs/guides/recurring-charges-counters/creating-counter-adjustments-for-accounts for more information.
---

# m3ter_counter_adjustment (Resource)

Endpoints for listing, creating, updating, retrieving, or deleting CounterAdjustments.

If you attach a Plan to an Account which is priced using a Counter to apply unit-based pricing, you can then create CounterAdjustments for the Account using that Counter to ensure the Account is billed according to the number of Counter units the Account subscribes to in a given billing period.

See [Understanding and Creating Counter Adjustments for Accounts](https://www.m3ter.com/docs/guides/recurring-charges-counters/creating-counter-adjustments-for-accounts) for more information.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "m3ter_counter_adjustment" "example_counter_adjustment" {
  org_id = "orgId"
  account_id = "x"
  counter_id = "x"
  date = "2022-01-04"
  value = 0
  purchase_order_number = "purchaseOrderNumber"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) The Account ID the CounterAdjustment is created for.
- `counter_id` (String) The ID of the Counter used for the CounterAdjustment on the Account.
- `value` (Number) Integer Value of the Counter used for the CounterAdjustment.

**Note:** Use the new absolute value for the Counter for the selected date - if it was 15 and has increased to 20, enter 20; if it was 15 and has decreased to 10, enter 10. *Do not enter* the plus or minus value relative to the previous Counter value on the Account.

### Optional

- `date` (String) The date the CounterAdjustment is created for the Account *(in ISO-8601 date format)*.

**Note:** CounterAdjustments on Accounts are supported down to a *specific day* of granularity - you cannot create more than one CounterAdjustment for any given day using the same Counter and you'll receive an error if you try to do this.
- `org_id` (String, Deprecated)
- `purchase_order_number` (String) Purchase Order Number for the Counter Adjustment. *(Optional)*

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The UUID of the entity.
- `version` (Number) The version number:
- **Create:** On initial Create to insert a new entity, the version is set at 1 in the response.
- **Update:** On successful Update, the version is incremented by 1 in the response.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import m3ter_counter_adjustment.example '<org_id>/<id>'
```
