---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "m3ter_custom_field Resource - m3ter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# m3ter_custom_field (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "m3ter_custom_field" "example_custom_field" {
  org_id = "orgId"
  account = {
    foo = "string"
  }
  account_plan = {
    foo = "string"
  }
  aggregation = {
    foo = "string"
  }
  compound_aggregation = {
    foo = "string"
  }
  contract = {
    foo = "string"
  }
  meter = {
    foo = "string"
  }
  organization = {
    foo = "string"
  }
  plan = {
    foo = "string"
  }
  plan_template = {
    foo = "string"
  }
  product = {
    foo = "string"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `account` (Dynamic) Updates to Account entity CustomFields.
- `account_plan` (Dynamic) Updates to AccountPlan entity CustomFields.
- `aggregation` (Dynamic) Updates to simple Aggregation entity CustomFields.
- `compound_aggregation` (Dynamic) Updates to Compound Aggregation entity CustomFields.
- `contract` (Dynamic) Updates to Contract entity CustomFields.
- `meter` (Dynamic) Updates to Meter entity CustomFields.
- `org_id` (String, Deprecated)
- `organization` (Dynamic) Updates to Organization CustomFields.
- `plan` (Dynamic) Updates to Plan entity CustomFields.
- `plan_template` (Dynamic) Updates to planTemplate entity CustomFields.
- `product` (Dynamic) Updates to Product entity CustomFields.

### Read-Only

- `created_by` (String) The id of the user who created this custom field.
- `dt_created` (String) The DateTime when the Organization was created *(in ISO-8601 format)*.
- `dt_last_modified` (String) The DateTime when a custom field was last modified - created, modified, or deleted - for the Organization *(in ISO-8601 format)*.
- `id` (String) The UUID of the entity.
- `last_modified_by` (String) The id of the user who last modified this custom field.
- `version` (Number) The version number:
- **Create:** On initial Create to insert a new entity, the version is set at 1 in the response.
- **Update:** On successful Update, the version is incremented by 1 in the response.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import m3ter_custom_field.example '<org_id>'
```
