---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "m3ter_external_mapping Resource - m3ter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# m3ter_external_mapping (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "m3ter_external_mapping" "example_external_mapping" {
  org_id = "orgId"
  external_id = "JS!?Q0]r] ]$]"
  external_system = "JS!?Q0]r] ]$]"
  external_table = "JS!?Q0]r] ]$]"
  m3ter_entity = "JS!?Q0]r] ]$]"
  m3ter_id = "JS!?Q0]r] ]$]"
  integration_config_id = "integrationConfigId"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `external_id` (String) The unique identifier (UUID) of the entity in the external system. This UUID should already exist in the external system.
- `external_system` (String) The name of the external system where the entity you are mapping resides.
- `external_table` (String) The name of the table in ther external system where the entity resides.
- `m3ter_entity` (String) The name of the m3ter entity that you are creating or modifying an External Mapping for. As an example, this could be an "Account".
- `m3ter_id` (String) The unique identifier (UUID) of the m3ter entity.

### Optional

- `integration_config_id` (String) UUID of the integration config to link this mapping to
- `org_id` (String, Deprecated)

### Read-Only

- `created_by` (String) The ID of the user who created this item.
- `dt_created` (String) The DateTime when this item was created *(in ISO-8601 format)*.
- `dt_last_modified` (String) The DateTime when this item was last modified *(in ISO-8601 format)*.
- `id` (String) The UUID of the entity.
- `last_modified_by` (String) The ID of the user who last modified this item.
- `version` (Number) The version number:
- **Create:** On initial Create to insert a new entity, the version is set at 1 in the response.
- **Update:** On successful Update, the version is incremented by 1 in the response.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import m3ter_external_mapping.example '<org_id>/<id>'
```
