---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "m3ter_integration_configuration Resource - m3ter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# m3ter_integration_configuration (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "m3ter_integration_configuration" "example_integration_configuration" {
  org_id = "orgId"
  config_data = {
    foo = "bar"
  }
  credentials = {
    type = "HTTP_BASIC"
    destination = "WEBHOOK"
    empty = true
    name = "name"
    version = 0
  }
  destination = "destination"
  destination_id = "destinationId"
  entity_id = "entityId"
  entity_type = "entityType"
  integration_credentials_id = "integrationCredentialsId"
  name = "name"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config_data` (Map of String) A flexible object to include any additional configuration data specific to the integration.
- `credentials` (Attributes) Base model for defining integration credentials across different types of integrations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credentials))
- `destination` (String) Denotes the integration destination. This field identifies the target platform or service for the integration.
- `destination_id` (String) The unique identifier (UUID) for the integration destination.
- `entity_id` (String) The unique identifier (UUID) of the entity. This field is used to specify which entity's integration configuration you're updating.
- `entity_type` (String) Specifies the type of entity for which the integration configuration is being updated. Must be a valid alphanumeric string.
- `integration_credentials_id` (String)
- `name` (String)

### Optional

- `org_id` (String, Deprecated)

### Read-Only

- `authorized` (Boolean) A flag indicating whether the integration configuration is authorized. 

* TRUE - authorized.
* FALSE - not authorized.
- `created_by` (String) The ID of the user who created this item.
- `dt_completed` (String) The date and time the integration was completed. *(in ISO-8601 format)*.
- `dt_created` (String) The DateTime when this item was created *(in ISO-8601 format)*.
- `dt_last_modified` (String) The DateTime when this item was last modified *(in ISO-8601 format)*.
- `dt_started` (String) The date and time the integration run was started *(in ISO-8601 format)*.
- `enabled` (Boolean) A flag indicating whether the integration configuration is currently enabled or disabled.

* TRUE - enabled.
* FALSE - disabled.
- `error` (String) Describes any errors encountered during the integration run.
- `external_id` (String) The external ID in the destination system if available.
- `id` (String) The UUID of the entity.
- `last_modified_by` (String) The ID of the user who last modified this item.
- `status` (String) Available values: "WAITING", "STARTED", "COMPLETE", "ERROR", "AWAITING_RETRY", "AUTH_FAILED", "ACCOUNTING_PERIOD_CLOSED", "INVOICE_ALREADY_PAID", "DISABLED".
- `trigger_type` (String, Deprecated) Specifies the type of trigger for the integration.
Available values: "EVENT", "SCHEDULE".
- `url` (String) The URL of the entity in the destination system if available.
- `version` (Number) The version number:
- **Create:** On initial Create to insert a new entity, the version is set at 1 in the response.
- **Update:** On successful Update, the version is incremented by 1 in the response.

<a id="nestedatt--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials`

Required:

- `type` (String) Specifies the type of authorization required for the integration.
Available values: "HTTP_BASIC", "OAUTH_CLIENT_CREDENTIALS", "M3TER_SIGNED_REQUEST", "AWS_INTEGRATION", "PADDLE_AUTH", "NETSUITE_AUTH", "CHARGEBEE_AUTH", "M3TER_SERVICE_USER", "STRIPE_SIGNED_REQUEST".

Optional:

- `destination` (String) Available values: "WEBHOOK", "NETSUITE", "STRIPE", "STRIPE_TEST", "AWS", "PADDLE", "PADDLE_SANDBOX", "SALESFORCE", "XERO", "CHARGEBEE", "QUICKBOOKS", "QUICKBOOKS_SANDBOX", "M3TER".
- `empty` (Boolean) A flag to indicate whether the credentials are empty. 

* TRUE - empty credentials.
* FALSE - credential details required.
- `name` (String) The name of the credentials

Read-Only:

- `version` (Number) The version number of the entity:
- **Create entity:** Not valid for initial insertion of new entity - *do not use for Create*. On initial Create, version is set at 1 and listed in the response.
- **Update Entity:**  On Update, version is required and must match the existing version because a check is performed to ensure sequential versioning is preserved. Version is incremented by 1 and listed in the response.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import m3ter_integration_configuration.example '<org_id>/<id>'
```
