---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "m3ter_meter Resource - M3ter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Endpoints for listing, creating, updating, retrieving, or deleting Meters.
  Use Meters to submit usage data for the consumption of your products and services by end customers. This usage data then becomes the basis for setting up usage-based pricing for your products and services.
  Examples of usage data collected in Meters:
  Number of logins.Duration of session.Amount of data downloaded.
  To collect usage data and ingest it into the platform, you can define two types of fields for Meters:
  dataFields Used to collect raw usage data measures - numeric quantitative data values or non-numeric point data values.derivedFields Used to derive usage data measures that are the result of applying a calculation to dataFields, customFields, or system Timestamp fields.
  You can also:
  Create customFields for a Meter, which allows you to attach custom data to the Meter as name/value pairs.Create Global Meters, which are not tied to a specific Product and allow you to collect usage data that will form the basis of usage-based pricing across multiple Products.
  IMPORTANT! - use of PII: The use of any of your end-customers' Personally Identifiable Information (PII) in m3ter is restricted to a few fields on the Account entity. Please ensure that any fields you configure for Meters, such as Data Fields or Derived Fields, do not contain any end-customer PII data. See the Introduction section https://www.m3ter.com/docs/api#section/Introduction above for more details.
  See also:
  Reviewing Meter Options https://www.m3ter.com/docs/guides/setting-up-usage-data-meters-and-aggregations/reviewing-meter-options.
---

# m3ter_meter (Resource)

Endpoints for listing, creating, updating, retrieving, or deleting Meters.

Use Meters to submit usage data for the consumption of your products and services by end customers. This usage data then becomes the basis for setting up usage-based pricing for your products and services.

Examples of usage data collected in Meters:
* Number of logins.
* Duration of session.
* Amount of data downloaded.

To collect usage data and ingest it into the platform, you can define two types of fields for Meters:
- `dataFields` Used to collect raw usage data measures - numeric quantitative data values or non-numeric point data values.
- `derivedFields` Used to derive usage data measures that are the result of applying a calculation to `dataFields`, `customFields`, or system `Timestamp` fields.

You can also:
- Create `customFields` for a Meter, which allows you to attach custom data to the Meter as name/value pairs.
- Create Global Meters, which are not tied to a specific Product and allow you to collect usage data that will form the basis of usage-based pricing across multiple Products.

**IMPORTANT! - use of PII:** The use of any of your end-customers' Personally Identifiable Information (PII) in m3ter is restricted to a few fields on the **Account** entity. Please ensure that any fields you configure for Meters, such as Data Fields or Derived Fields, do not contain any end-customer PII data. See the [Introduction section](https://www.m3ter.com/docs/api#section/Introduction) above for more details.

See also:
- [Reviewing Meter Options](https://www.m3ter.com/docs/guides/setting-up-usage-data-meters-and-aggregations/reviewing-meter-options).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "m3ter_meter" "example_meter" {
  org_id = "orgId"
  code = "S?oC\"$]C] ]]]]]5]"
  data_fields = [{
    category = "WHO"
    code = "{1{}}_"
    name = "x"
    unit = "x"
  }]
  derived_fields = [{
    category = "WHO"
    code = "{1{}}_"
    name = "x"
    unit = "x"
    calculation = "x"
  }]
  name = "x"
  custom_fields = {
    foo = "string"
  }
  group_id = "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
  product_id = "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `code` (String) Code of the Meter - unique short code used to identify the Meter.

**NOTE:** Code has a maximum length of 80 characters and must not contain non-printable or whitespace characters (except space), and cannot start/end with whitespace.
- `data_fields` (Attributes List) Used to submit categorized raw usage data values for ingest into the platform - either numeric quantitative values or non-numeric data values. At least one required per Meter; maximum 15 per Meter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_fields))
- `derived_fields` (Attributes List) Used to submit usage data values for ingest into the platform that are the result of a calculation performed on `dataFields`, `customFields`, or system `Timestamp` fields. Raw usage data is not submitted using `derivedFields`. Maximum 15 per Meter. *(Optional)*.

**Note:** Required parameter. If you want to create a Meter without Derived Fields, use an empty array `[]`. If you use a `null`, you'll receive an error. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--derived_fields))
- `name` (String) Descriptive name for the Meter.

### Optional

- `custom_fields` (Dynamic) User defined fields enabling you to attach custom data. The value for a custom field can be either a string or a number.

If `customFields` can also be defined for this entity at the Organizational level, `customField` values defined at individual level override values of `customFields` with the same name defined at Organization level.

See [Working with Custom Fields](https://www.m3ter.com/docs/guides/creating-and-managing-products/working-with-custom-fields) in the m3ter documentation for more information.
- `group_id` (String) UUID of the group the Meter belongs to. *(Optional)*.
- `org_id` (String, Deprecated)
- `product_id` (String) UUID of the product the Meter belongs to. *(Optional)* - if left blank, the Meter is global.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The UUID of the entity.
- `version` (Number) The version number:
- **Create:** On initial Create to insert a new entity, the version is set at 1 in the response.
- **Update:** On successful Update, the version is incremented by 1 in the response.

<a id="nestedatt--data_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_fields`

Required:

- `category` (String) The type of field (WHO, WHAT, WHERE, MEASURE, METADATA, INCOME, COST, OTHER).
Available values: "WHO", "WHERE", "WHAT", "OTHER", "METADATA", "MEASURE", "INCOME", "COST".
- `code` (String) Short code to identify the field

**NOTE:** Code has a maximum length of 80 characters and can only contain letters, numbers, underscore, and the dollar character, and must not start with a number.
- `name` (String) Descriptive name of the field.

Optional:

- `unit` (String) The units to measure the data with. Should conform to *Unified Code for Units of Measure* (UCUM). Required only for numeric field categories.


<a id="nestedatt--derived_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `derived_fields`

Required:

- `calculation` (String) The calculation used to transform the value of submitted `dataFields` in usage data. Calculation can reference `dataFields`, `customFields`, or system `Timestamp` fields. 
*(Example: datafieldms  datafieldgb)*
- `category` (String) The type of field (WHO, WHAT, WHERE, MEASURE, METADATA, INCOME, COST, OTHER).
Available values: "WHO", "WHERE", "WHAT", "OTHER", "METADATA", "MEASURE", "INCOME", "COST".
- `code` (String) Short code to identify the field

**NOTE:** Code has a maximum length of 80 characters and can only contain letters, numbers, underscore, and the dollar character, and must not start with a number.
- `name` (String) Descriptive name of the field.

Optional:

- `unit` (String) The units to measure the data with. Should conform to *Unified Code for Units of Measure* (UCUM). Required only for numeric field categories.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import m3ter_meter.example '<org_id>/<id>'
```
