---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "m3ter_notification_configuration Resource - m3ter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# m3ter_notification_configuration (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "m3ter_notification_configuration" "example_notification_configuration" {
  org_id = "orgId"
  code = "x"
  description = "x"
  event_name = "x"
  name = "x"
  active = true
  always_fire_event = true
  calculation = "calculation"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `code` (String) The short code for the Notification.
- `description` (String) The description for the Notification providing a brief overview of its purpose and functionality.
- `event_name` (String) The name of the *Event type* that the Notification is based on. When an Event of this type occurs and any calculation built into the Notification evaluates to `True`, the Notification is triggered.

**Note:** If the Notification is set to always fire, then the Notification will always be sent when the Event of the type it is based on occurs, and without any other conditions defined by a calculation having to be met.
- `name` (String) The name of the Notification.

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Boolean flag that sets the Notification as active or inactive. Only active Notifications are sent when triggered by the Event they are based on:

* **TRUE** - set Notification as active. 
* **FALSE** - set Notification as inactive.
- `always_fire_event` (Boolean) A Boolean flag indicating whether the Notification is always triggered, regardless of other conditions and omitting reference to any calculation. This means the Notification will be triggered simply by the Event it is based on occurring and with no further conditions having to be met.
 
*  **TRUE** - the Notification is always triggered and omits any reference to the calculation to check for other conditions being true before triggering the Notification.
*  **FALSE** - the Notification is only triggered when the Event it is based on occurs and any calculation is checked and all conditions defined by the calculation are met.
- `calculation` (String) A logical expression that that is evaluated to a Boolean. If it evaluates as `True`, a Notification for the Event is created and sent to the configured destination. 
Calculations can reference numeric, string, and boolean Event fields.  

See [Creating Calculations](https://www.m3ter.com/docs/guides/utilizing-events-and-notifications/key-concepts-and-relationships#creating-calculations) in the m3ter documentation for more information.
- `org_id` (String, Deprecated)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The UUID of the entity.
- `version` (Number) The version number:
- **Create:** On initial Create to insert a new entity, the version is set at 1 in the response.
- **Update:** On successful Update, the version is incremented by 1 in the response.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import m3ter_notification_configuration.example '<org_id>/<id>'
```
