---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "m3ter_pricing Resource - m3ter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# m3ter_pricing (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "m3ter_pricing" "example_pricing" {
  org_id = "orgId"
  pricing_bands = [{
    fixed_price = 0
    lower_limit = 0
    unit_price = 0
    id = "id"
    credit_type_id = "creditTypeId"
  }]
  start_date = "2019-12-27T18:11:19.117Z"
  accounting_product_id = "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
  aggregation_id = "aggregationId"
  code = "JS!?Q0]r] ]$]"
  compound_aggregation_id = "compoundAggregationId"
  cumulative = true
  description = "description"
  end_date = "2019-12-27T18:11:19.117Z"
  minimum_spend = 0
  minimum_spend_bill_in_advance = true
  minimum_spend_description = "minimumSpendDescription"
  overage_pricing_bands = [{
    fixed_price = 0
    lower_limit = 0
    unit_price = 0
    id = "id"
    credit_type_id = "creditTypeId"
  }]
  plan_id = "planId"
  plan_template_id = "planTemplateId"
  segment = {
    foo = "string"
  }
  tiers_span_plan = true
  type = "DEBIT"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `pricing_bands` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pricing_bands))
- `start_date` (String) The start date *(in ISO-8601 format)* for when the Pricing starts to be active for the Plan of Plan Template.*(Required)*

### Optional

- `accounting_product_id` (String) Optional Product ID this Pricing should be attributed to for accounting purposes
- `aggregation_id` (String) UUID of the Aggregation used to create the Pricing. Use this when creating a Pricing for a segmented aggregation.
- `code` (String) Unique short code for the Pricing.
- `compound_aggregation_id` (String) UUID of the Compound Aggregation used to create the Pricing.
- `cumulative` (Boolean) Controls whether or not charge rates under a set of pricing bands configured for a Pricing are applied according to each separate band or at the highest band reached.

*(Optional)*. The default value is **FALSE**.

* When TRUE, at billing charge rates are applied according to each separate band.

* When FALSE, at billing charge rates are applied according to highest band reached.

**NOTE:** Use the `cumulative` parameter to create the type of Pricing you require. For example, for Tiered Pricing set to **TRUE**; for Volume Pricing, set to **FALSE**.
- `description` (String) Displayed on Bill line items.
- `end_date` (String) The end date *(in ISO-8601 format)* for when the Pricing ceases to be active for the Plan or Plan Template.

*(Optional)* If not specified, the Pricing remains active indefinitely.
- `minimum_spend` (Number) The minimum spend amount per billing cycle for end customer Accounts on a Plan to which the Pricing is applied.
- `minimum_spend_bill_in_advance` (Boolean) The default value is **FALSE**.

* When TRUE, minimum spend is billed at the start of each billing period.

* When FALSE, minimum spend is billed at the end of each billing period.

*(Optional)*. Overrides the setting at Organization level for minimum spend billing in arrears/in advance.
- `minimum_spend_description` (String) Minimum spend description *(displayed on the bill line item)*.
- `org_id` (String, Deprecated)
- `overage_pricing_bands` (Attributes List) Specify Prepayment/Balance overage pricing in pricing bands for the case of a **Tiered** pricing structure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--overage_pricing_bands))
- `plan_id` (String) UUID of the Plan the Pricing is created for.
- `plan_template_id` (String) UUID of the Plan Template the Pricing is created for.
- `segment` (Map of String) Specifies the segment value which you are defining a Pricing for using this call:
- For each segment value defined on a Segmented Aggregation you must create a separate Pricing and use the appropriate `aggregationId` parameter for the call.
- If you specify a segment value that has not been defined for the Aggregation, you'll receive an error.
- If you've defined segment values for the Aggregation using a single wildcard or multiple wildcards, you can create Pricing for these wildcard segment values also.

For more details on creating Pricings for segment values on a Segmented Aggregation using this call, together with some examples, see the [Using API Call to Create Segmented Pricings](https://www.m3ter.com/docs/guides/plans-and-pricing/pricing-plans/pricing-plans-using-segmented-aggregations#using-api-call-to-create-a-segmented-pricing) in our User Documentation.
- `tiers_span_plan` (Boolean) The default value is **FALSE**.

* If TRUE, usage accumulates over the entire period the priced Plan is active for the account, and is not reset for pricing band rates at the start of each billing period.

* If FALSE, usage does not accumulate, and is reset for pricing bands at the start of each billing period.
- `type` (String) * **DEBIT**. Default setting. The amount calculated using the Pricing is added to the bill as a debit.

* **PRODUCT_CREDIT**. The amount calculated using the Pricing is added to the bill as a credit *(negative amount)*. To prevent negative billing, the bill will be capped at the total of other line items for the same Product.

* **GLOBAL_CREDIT**. The amount calculated using the Pricing is added to the bill as a credit *(negative amount)*. To prevent negative billing, the bill will be capped at the total of other line items for the entire bill, which might include other Products the Account consumes.
Available values: "DEBIT", "PRODUCT_CREDIT", "GLOBAL_CREDIT".

### Read-Only

- `aggregation_type` (String) Available values: "SIMPLE", "COMPOUND".
- `created_by` (String) The ID of the user who created this item.
- `dt_created` (String) The DateTime when this item was created *(in ISO-8601 format)*.
- `dt_last_modified` (String) The DateTime when this item was last modified *(in ISO-8601 format)*.
- `id` (String) The UUID of the entity.
- `last_modified_by` (String) The ID of the user who last modified this item.
- `segment_string` (String)
- `version` (Number) The version number:
- **Create:** On initial Create to insert a new entity, the version is set at 1 in the response.
- **Update:** On successful Update, the version is incremented by 1 in the response.

<a id="nestedatt--pricing_bands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pricing_bands`

Required:

- `fixed_price` (Number) Fixed price charged for the Pricing band.
- `lower_limit` (Number) Lower limit for the Pricing band.
- `unit_price` (Number) Unit price charged for the Pricing band.

Optional:

- `credit_type_id` (String) **OBSOLETE - this is deprecated and no longer used.**
- `id` (String) The ID for the Pricing band.


<a id="nestedatt--overage_pricing_bands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `overage_pricing_bands`

Required:

- `fixed_price` (Number) Fixed price charged for the Pricing band.
- `lower_limit` (Number) Lower limit for the Pricing band.
- `unit_price` (Number) Unit price charged for the Pricing band.

Optional:

- `credit_type_id` (String) **OBSOLETE - this is deprecated and no longer used.**
- `id` (String) The ID for the Pricing band.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import m3ter_pricing.example '<org_id>/<id>'
```
