---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "m3ter_scheduled_event_configuration Resource - m3ter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# m3ter_scheduled_event_configuration (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "m3ter_scheduled_event_configuration" "example_scheduled_event_configuration" {
  org_id = "orgId"
  entity = "x"
  field = "x"
  name = "x"
  offset = 0
  version = 0
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `entity` (String) The referenced configuration or billing entity for which the desired scheduled Event will trigger.
- `field` (String) A DateTime field for which the desired scheduled Event will trigger - this must be a DateTime field on the referenced billing or configuration entity.
- `name` (String) The name of the custom Scheduled Event Configuration.

This must be in the format: 
* scheduled.*name of entity*.*custom event name*

For example:
* `scheduled.bill.endDateEvent`
- `offset` (Number) The offset in days from the specified DateTime field on the referenced entity when the scheduled Event will trigger.

### Optional

- `org_id` (String, Deprecated)
- `version` (Number) The version number of the scheduled event configuration:
* **Create entity**: Not valid for initial insertion - do not use for Create. On initial Create, version is set at 1 and listed in the response.
* **Update Entity**: On Update, version is required and must match the existing version because a check is performed to ensure sequential versioning is preserved. Version is incremented by 1 and listed in the response.

### Read-Only

- `created_by` (String) The ID of the user who created this item.
- `dt_created` (String) The DateTime when this item was created *(in ISO-8601 format)*.
- `dt_last_modified` (String) The DateTime when this item was last modified *(in ISO-8601 format)*.
- `id` (String) The UUID of the entity.
- `last_modified_by` (String) The ID of the user who last modified this item.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import m3ter_scheduled_event_configuration.example '<org_id>/<id>'
```
