---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "m3ter_webhook Resource - m3ter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A suite of endpoints for configuring and managing third party integrations within the m3ter platform. The integration endpoints in this section facilitate various operations such as creating, updating, listing, and deletion of integrations.
  m3ter integrations enable seamless data synchronization and mapping with external systems required in core business processes. These processes often include sales, pricing, billing and invoicing, and general finance.
  With m3ter integrations, you can establish robust connections with popular business platforms, enhancing your operational capabilities. For example:
  * Chargebee
  * Salesforce
  * Stripe
  * Netsuite
  * Paddle
  * Xero
  * QuickBooks
---

# m3ter_webhook (Resource)

A suite of endpoints for configuring and managing third party integrations within the m3ter platform. The integration endpoints in this section facilitate various operations such as creating, updating, listing, and deletion of integrations.

m3ter integrations enable seamless data synchronization and mapping with external systems required in core business processes. These processes often include sales, pricing, billing and invoicing, and general finance. 

With m3ter integrations, you can establish robust connections with popular business platforms, enhancing your operational capabilities. For example:
* Chargebee
* Salesforce
* Stripe
* Netsuite
* Paddle
* Xero
* QuickBooks

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "m3ter_webhook" "example_webhook" {
  org_id = "orgId"
  credentials = {
    api_key = "api key"
    secret = "api secret"
    type = "M3TER_SIGNED_REQUEST"
    empty = true
    version = 0
  }
  description = "x"
  name = "x"
  url = "x"
  active = true
  code = "code"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `credentials` (Attributes) This schema defines the credentials required for m3ter request signing. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credentials))
- `description` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `url` (String) The URL to which the webhook requests will be sent.

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean)
- `code` (String)
- `org_id` (String, Deprecated)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The UUID of the entity.
- `version` (Number) The version number:
- **Create:** On initial Create to insert a new entity, the version is set at 1 in the response.
- **Update:** On successful Update, the version is incremented by 1 in the response.

<a id="nestedatt--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials`

Required:

- `api_key` (String) The API key provided by m3ter. This key is part of the credential set required for signing requests and authenticating with m3ter services.
- `secret` (String) The secret associated with the API key. This secret is used in conjunction with the API key to generate a signature for secure authentication.
- `type` (String) Specifies the authorization type. For this schema, it is exclusively set to M3TER_SIGNED_REQUEST.
Available values: "M3TER_SIGNED_REQUEST".

Optional:

- `empty` (Boolean) A flag to indicate whether the credentials are empty. 

* TRUE - empty credentials.
* FALSE - credential details required.

Read-Only:

- `version` (Number) The version number of the entity:
- **Create entity:** Not valid for initial insertion of new entity - *do not use for Create*. On initial Create, version is set at 1 and listed in the response.
- **Update Entity:**  On Update, version is required and must match the existing version because a check is performed to ensure sequential versioning is preserved. Version is incremented by 1 and listed in the response.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import m3ter_webhook.example '<org_id>/<id>'
```
